Welcome to today's modular classroom.
Today we are going to learn about nanets
which is an AI powered tool which is
used to automatically extract the
information from documents such as PDFs,
invoices, reipss, forms, ID cards and
images. So what is uh how it works is
nothing but it uses the OCR and the
machine learning to read the documents
and it converts them to a structured
data. So this nanonets automatically
extract uh the fields like name, date,
invoice, amount, address etc. It works
with PDF files, scanned images, photos
of documents, handwritten forms etc.
So it uh reads the OCR, process it,
extract the information, it converts
into a structured form of data and you
can export the final data into an Excel
or a CSV or JSON or API integration. So
let's see how it really works and with a
simple demo. So first thing you can
upload an invoice PD as a PDF or an
image or any ID card kind of
informations ID card related data and
the nanet processes using the machine
learning technology. It does the
automatic extraction and it exports the
result using the Excel. So let's look
into the demonstration of how it works.
So first thing is you have to look in uh
enter into app.nonets.com.
You have to sign in. I have already
signed in. But the only thing you have
to use your official mail id. Your
personal mail id will not work here. So
after uh you enter you can see how this
data transformation works with the
instant training model the results uh
which is a pre-built extractor driving
license invoices purchase orders bills
of ladding tables passports. So all
these kind of data transformation works.
There are some pre-built workflows also.
You can create a new workflow or an
existing workflow. So when you have a
existing workflow, I have used u
table information. So you can use upload
the files. You just can select upload
the file. You can click and drop it. Uh
here it is a paid version also. See in
basic version free version you have only
limited number of uh options day per
limit uh per day you can have only two
to three extractions is possible. So
here you can click uh you can select
your document or PDF or an image file
from any uh email or one drive or google
drive or dropbox etc. So here I have
uploaded a PNG file. uh this file is
going to this is the invoice data. So
after selecting the data you just can
give extract the data. So after
extracting you can uh I already have
extracted and since it is a free version
my limit is also
have exhausted. So I just uh show you
how this works and it include the table.
Here is a table tableated data and I'm I
am downloading it as CSV file. So the
CSV file is downloaded. It extracts and
uh I can find uh the information. So
what is the serial number? What is the
description quantity rate per amount and
I am getting the extracted tabulated
data from an image data. So this is just
an image which is a JPG extension. So
you can even upload any number of files.
So you just can click on upload. You can
select the files either it can be a PDF
or an image file but it can be mainly an
OCR data. So this is an overview of the
workflow uh set up how this data
extraction is done. It extracts the
data. AI training is done. pre-trained
model is a prefilled the pre-built
feature and which there are a lot of
features available in the paid version.
So this is just a basic uh version where
I have shown you shown you a demo. What
we have seen today is just a basic
version which is available of free of
cost. When you go for a premium version
you can enjoy a lot of services. You can
go for external integration. Even you
you can select on a new workflow. You
can see you have lot of options
available. So this nanet is really a
wonderful option where you can extract
uh the data. You can convert the data
into a structured uh format and you can
export the data within few seconds using
in a few minutes or seconds using the
format of CSV or Excel or any kind of
data which you wish. Even JSON format is
also been possible. So this is really
wonderful option.
So till uh we meet with the next video.
Thanks for watching. Stay tuned.